repeat abuse you're a brave girl so
what's the story young lady we're on our
way to Minneapolis it wasn't an accident
nice out well sooner or later everybody
does right dad I nearly had you that
night
since you're traveling I'd like to do a
cat-scan
daddy's gonna take care of I'm gonna
wait right here for you when you get out
15 hours you know how much longer it's
gonna be what was her name again
Gary Monroe I'm not seeing a Perry
Monroe there hasn't been a scan since 9
o'clock this morning are you telling me
they're not here at the whole day in
front of you not finding any Monroe I
just want to see my wife and daughter
don't record in the treatment areas all
right that the camera can't see them
because of the chairs you get a better
angle
you saw my little girl you treated her
own well I've got to go in easier word
that they were here at all thinks I'm
makes me come on why would I have my
daughter scoff but not her there's
something wrong with this place she did
the picture that could be anybody I was
concerned about them as you are nobody
needs to get hurt
I mean he's a head case
[Music]
you